(foreboding orchestral music)
(moves into playful hiphop beat)
♪ Intergalactic, planetary,
planetary, intergalactic ♪
♪ Another dimension, another dimension ♪
♪ Another dimension ♪
♪ Well now, don't you tell me to smile ♪
♪ You stick around I'll
make it worth your while ♪
♪ My number's beyond what you can dial ♪
♪ Maybe it's because we're so versatile ♪
♪ Style, profile, I said ♪
♪ It always brings me back
when I hear 'Ooh, child' ♪
♪ From The Hudson River out to the Nile ♪
♪ I run the marathon
to the very last mile ♪
♪ Well, if you battle me I feel reviled ♪
♪ People always sayin' my style is wild ♪
♪ You've got gall, you've
got guile (guile) ♪
♪ Step to me I'm a rap-o-phile ♪
♪ If you want to battle you're in denial ♪
♪ Comin' from Uranus to check my style ♪
♪ Go ahead, put my rhymes on trial ♪
♪ Cast you off into exile ♪
♪ Intergalactic, planetary,
planetary, intergalactic ♪
♪ Jazz and AWOL, that's our team ♪
♪ Step inside the party,
disrupt the whole scene ♪
♪ When it comes to beats,
well, I'm a fiend ♪
♪ I like my sugar with coffee and cream ♪
♪ Well, I gotta keep it going
keep it going (full steam) ♪
♪ Too sweet to be sour
to nice to be (mean) ♪
♪ Well, on the tough-guy
style I'm not too keen ♪
♪ Trying to change the world,
I'mma plot and scheme ♪
♪ Mario C. likes to
keep it clean (clean) ♪
♪ Gonna shine like a sunbeam (beam) ♪
♪ Keep on rappin', 'cause
that's my dream (dream) ♪
♪ Thank Moe Dee for 'Sticking to Themes' ♪
♪ Now when it comes to
envy y'all is green ♪
♪ Jealous of the rhyme and
the rhyme routine ('tine) ♪
♪ Another dimension, new galaxy ♪
♪ Intergalactic, planetary ♪
♪ Intergalactic, planetary,
planetary, intergalactic ♪
♪ We're from the family
tree of old school hip-hop ♪
♪ Kick off your shoes
and relax your socks ♪
♪ The rhymes are spread just like a pox ♪
♪ 'Cause the music is loud
like an electric shock ♪
♪ I am known to do the wop (wop) ♪
♪ Also known for the
Flintstone Flop (flop) ♪
♪ Tammy D gets biz on the crops (crop) ♪
♪ Beastie Boys known to let the beat ♪
♪ Mmm, drop ♪
♪ Now when I wrote
graffiti my name was Slop ♪
♪ If my rap's soup, my beats is stock ♪
♪ Step from the table
when I start to chop ♪
♪ I'm a lumberjack DJ Adrock ♪
♪ If you try to knock
me you'll get mocked ♪
♪ I'll stir fry you in my wok ♪
♪ Your knees'll start shakin'
and your fingers pop ♪
♪ Like a pinch on the neck of Mr. Spock ♪
♪ Intergalactic, planetary,
planetary, intergalactic ♪
♪ Another dimension, another dimension ♪
♪ Do it ♪
(monster cries out)
(fire blazes)
(engine hums)